in december 2022 biology teacher and
former green beret dan forrester fails
to get a job at a prestigious research
center
while watching the world cup soldiers
from the year 2051 arrive to warn that
humanity is on the brink of extinction
due to alien invaders
the white spikes in response members of
the world's militaries are sent into the
future
but fewer than 20 survive prompting a
worldwide draft after a year of the
draft and a growing anti-war movement
there is little hope for humanity's
survival dan receives a notice that he
has been drafted and reports with other
draftees to basic
training dan deduces with fellow drafty
charlie that to prevent a paradox
those drafted have already died before
the war starts
the draftees are sent forward in time to
miami beach but
few survive having been dropped in the
incorrect location above the city
colonel forrester orders the draftees to
rescue nearby lab personnel before the
area is sterilized
the draftees discover the lab personnel
dead but recover their research
dan radios to command about the
situation and is instructed to escape
the area
nearly everyone dies except for charlie
dorian
and dan the survivors wake up in a
military encampment in the dominican
republic
dan reports to colonel forrester who is
his grown daughter maury
she requests he accompany her on a
mission to capture a female white spike
which are rarer than the males typically
encountered they caged the female
only to have hundreds of males descend
on their position
as the helicopter with the female lifts
off dan and mori escape
to a beach and radio for rescue murray
reveals to dan that he becomes
dissatisfied with his life
abandons his family and dies in a car
crash in 2030.
dan and murray are transported to a
fortified oil rig in the middle of the
ocean which contains the jump link
the device that facilitates time travel
dan and murray work on creating a toxin
that can kill the white spikes
the white spikes attack and overrun the
base to free the female
and murray sacrifices herself to send
dan back to the past
dan tries to give the toxin to the
military so it can be sent to the future
but the jump link is offline having been
destroyed by the white spikes
brainstorming with his wife dan deduces
that the white spikes did not arrive in
but came much earlier consulting with
charlie
they theorize the white spikes are
already on earth
and global warming caused them to thaw
out and emerge from under the ice caps
dan leads a mission to russia with
draftees future soldiers and his
estranged father in search of a polar
ice cap known as the academy of
science's glacier on komsomolitz island
to prove his theory
the team finds a crashed alien ship
inside the glacier
they debate telling the world about the
problem but decide to end the threat
right then and there
once inside they realize the alien ship
is not a white spike ship
and the white spikes were instead the
deceased alien cruise cargo
they inject the dormant white spikes
with the toxin this kills the injected
ones but wakes the others
dorian wanting to die on his own terms
stays behind to blow up the ship
dan and his father hunt and kill the one
female that escaped
content with the knowledge that the war
is averted dan brings his estranged
father
james home to meet his family
you